Super flattering dress. love it. makes my waist look tiny. great fit and flare style without making me look pregnant! i love the fabric. will be great as a travel dress (packs easy, doesn't need to be ironed really, substantial fabric). love it. i think it runs large since i'm rarely a 2 at retailer, but i find that maeve runs all over the place. i'm usually a 4 at retailer and i got a 2 in this.
Weird fit and the tie just add to the problems. i think i'd like this a lot more if it were just an open cardigan without the tie. the tie seems like an after thought. it's flimsy and it just makes anyone wearing this look like a house -- no matter there size. i ordered a medium black and it's already in the mail!
These socks were so narrow, especially on top, that they pinched my thighs and we're almost painful to wear all day. my thighs are pretty narrow, i'm only five feet tall and my legs and hips are the thinnest part of my body. i understand that they need to be reinforced on top so that they don't slip down but these are definitely made for a person who is unhealthily skinny. "one size" is definitely not true. they also snag easily.
First of all, i've noticed that maeve is running big, i'm normally a size medium or 6 and two occasions now i've needed a size small and this is no different. of course i ordered the medium and would need to exchange it if i want it to fit better. it's loose allover. the only reason i'm not exchanging it is that the color washes my olive skin color. other than that it's a beautiful dress, it hist at the same spot on the leg as in the model's pictures. for reference, 5'9", 36b, 29", 38".
I love the flowers on this top. the style is cute with the band at the waist. i ordered an extra small and it fits perfectly.
This top is huge! i'm typically a size 2 or 4. i bought the 2 and its huge. it's wider than it is long. even if i sized down to a 0 it would still be too much fabric. i'm so disappointed! beautiful color and fabric but there's so much fabric. i love a flowy top but this one is way too much. :( i will be returning this top.
I loved the pattern, color and mock turtleneck style of this top, but it was just too short on me. i purchased the xs in the ivory color (i am 5'5", 32d, 110 lbs for reference). i had planned to layer this under jackets for work, but every time i raised my arms, you could see my stomach. i would not have felt comfortable wearing it to work because of this. the fit was slightly boxy also, and it was not flattering when i tucked it into a skirt because the boxy shape caused the shirt to bunch up s
This top is amazing. it's a little stretchy but doesn't cling and it's surprisingly flattering on my curvy figure. i have a large chest and the shirt fits perfectly with or without a cami underneath. the material is very soft and the print is vibrant and fun. the shirt does run a little large. the only slight issue i have is that it is a little shorter than i usually like on my long torso. other than that, it's pretty much perfect.
I couldn't resist the toucan print when i saw this online, and ordered in my normal size s (27/4 in pants, 34b bust, 5'7"). the fit is perfect - arm holes are an appropriate size (not huge like some dresses), semi-fitted and flattering, nice length for work, and the tie front is a nice detail to help define the waist. length is about the same as the model shot. i knocked off a star for quality since the fabric is not particularly breathable for summer and the zipper is a little tough in the wais
My new favorite socks! has a grip and doesn't slip off like some of my other liner socks have because this one covers more of your feet. perfect for my low boots.