I put on this t-shirt and my husband said it makes you look old. he was right. i'm not sure if it's the cut or the pattern but i found it completely unflattering on my petite frame and it looked cheap too. perhaps on someone else it would look different. the pattern is overwhelming and the sleeps are a bit too look and ruched for my liking. it may look better on someone taller.
I'm 5'7", 135 lbs, slender bone structure. the medium fit well in the front but hung to the back of knees in back...just way too long. it would work best on someone closer to 6' tall.
I purchased the pale green in this sweater first. loved it so much i purchased in another color.
Second to shopping for a swimsuit, i hate shopping for jeans. so difficult to find a pair that are both comfortable and stylish. the good news is that this pair is both. the length hits slightly below my ankle which is the perfect length for me (i'm 5'5). they are a slim fit with a slight bit of stretch. i ordered the size 27 which is my normal size and they fit perfectly. love the wash for a casual look. wish they also came in a darker wash for a dressier look. all in all, i am quite pleased. w
This is a beautiful piece. the fabric is a nice weight and the cut of the lace across the shoulders is flattering. the sleeves are dramatic, but not overly fussy. sadly i returned the dress because although it is a swing style (no waistline), it has a very straight cut. i was hoping it was more of an a-line silhouette to accommodate my hips, but alas. if you self-identify as a pear, this may not be the dress for you.
So simple to throw on with jeans, or you could dress it up. the ruffles give it a little extra flair. nice and soft, really comfy. i haven't decided which size i am going to hold onto. i ordered in a small and a medium. small fits me great, and i am usually a pretty standard medium. i think it just depends on what look you are going for.  wish they had it in a lighter color, like an ivory or pink.  i think the ruffle detail would look nice with a lighter shade.
Great mock neck fits well and looks great with pants and skirts!! also love the dark grey color!!
I'm 5'2 & the length is fine except i'd probably hem if i used for yoga/pilates. but i prefer cropped for those activities, so these are just knock a round lounge pants for me. they are thin, but not in a cheap way. i don't understand why they're called french terry became that's not what i see/feel; but they are sumptuous & soft. i like that the fold over waist part is stitched & keeps its shape. for size reference, , i got the black xxs- i'm 115 lbs, athletic apple & they fit/look great & clin
This should be a good dress for hourglass figures. runs a bit narrow in the ribcage, so you may want to try a couple of sizes. i'm 5'2", currently 33-25-37 or 38 with a 28" underbust, 28dd/30d/32c bra. normally a 0p or 0 in these type of dresses; the size 2 fit, not sure i could have zipped a size 0.
.
loved that the boning at the front bust and sides keeps the dress up and in place without the straps. side pockets, and the cotton feels soft, more like a sateen than a poplin weave. lovely colo
I loved this dress the moment i first saw it! i have another dress from this brand that i've had for a couple years and wear it all the time plus i love the tie waist detail. however after trying this dress in both a size medium (my typical size) and a small, i've given up. it does not look good on me and i think thats because i am a 34b, there is room in the chest even in the size small. so would look really good on a curvy girl! i'm 5'5" ordered regular size and it came to just above my knees.