I tried this dress on in hawaii before it even hit the website. i am guessing retailer tests out their spring line in always summer hawaii. i was impressed but wanted to wait for a promo. there is a lining that fluffs up the skirt part of dress and makes it fun and girly. i sized up to 4p from my usual 2p in holding horses due to the tailored upper part of the dress and my shoulders a wee bit wide.
I love this skirt. i usually don't buy skirts of this cut because they make me look hippy. but the fabric is so lightweight and flowing, and yet it has structure. the colors are great and go with many top options. i wear it to work and casual outings. it is my favorite clothing article in my closet right now.
This top is so cute and of spectacular quality, but you have to size up! i'm a 10/m/34c all the time. i almost never have to size up or down. but this top was so tight around the bust that i couldn't possibly have closed the zipper in the back. i'm sending it back for a l in the hopes of a better fit. the coloring of the owls is out-of-this-world cute, so i'm keeping my fingers crossed that a larger size will be just right.
I ordered the dusty pink color and love it. works well with many colors and tops. i am 5' 6" and 121 lbs. with an athletic lean body. i do have a butt however and a small waist. i vary between a 26 and 27. ordered both because i could see this was a very slim pant. i could barely get the 26 up over my hips. the 27 fits like a glove, with just the right amount of stretch. i can't see these pants bagging after wear, which is something we all hate. love these pants and i know i will wear them often
When i saw this dress online - it was a must have. i preordered immediately and had my fingers crossed that i'd get it! thankfully it did! this dress has blown me away. it exceeds all expectations!!! i ordered an xl which is a normal size for me and i'm glad i did! the body is very swingy but the top is true to size. the print is magical. whimsical, bold,  bohemian and transitional into every single season. i am 5'8 and the dress hits just above my knees. i feel gorgeous in it. the "woven cotton
I saw this dress worn on the street and thought it was lovely, the perfect work dress. i then found it in the store and my size was already sold out, so i visited another retailer, and another to find it. unfortunately the color blocking on the chest was not very flattering for me, it seemed to overly accentuate it. i am 5'9" a 36 dd size 12.
the colors, the fabric are all wonderful. but this dress is not for me.
This shirt was very cute. i ordered it as something to be able to wear to class with leggings and it is perfect. the colors are great and the length is very nice. it will be a nice piece to layer with a jacket for the the fall.
Like the color and the dotted fabric. the length is good. the fabric on the back is a nice touch. fits well and hangs well.
I am so glad i read the reviews for this before i purchased it. i am 5'5 and 135 pounds and normally wear a size 6 in dresses. i would normally buy a small, but sized down to an xs and it was perfect! it's a beautiful dress and very flattering!
I was so looking forward to an awesome maxi dress.  this was not it.  completely see through.  i guess you could wear it as a bathing suit cover up.  but be prepared to knot the length or you will trip.  its an odd design. absolutely not worth the price.  i purchased the sm/md and i could have for two of me in the dress. returned this piece without looking back