This is a very fetching little dress but the details of the fit, as described by other reviewers, is slightly off. i am 34d 5'5 and 140 lbs. the top fits perfectly but has an odd gap at the button placket. the fabric is nice enough but not exactly as i expected. one must have a very flat stomach as the top of the dress is not forgiving at all. the dress just wasn't me, i guess, so this one is going home to retailer...
It's hard for me to find dresses that look good on me since i have more of a straight build and tend to carry a little extra weight in my middle. however, this dress was super flattering, giving me some curves and hiding my tummy. i got the one with the red skirt (it's definitely an orange-red) since that looked a little more polished and less casual than the green one i tried on in the store. the full, fluttery skirt is feminine and fun, and the knit top is very soft and comfortable. every sing
Love this top for casual days. fits perfectly, fabric feels quality and color is bright but not too bright. good length, just touches top of my thighs.
Bought this for my brother's wedding and i just received it. i ordered my usual size xs. it's a tightly woven knit, with little to no stretch in it. i could barely get it over my head and my arms could barely fit in the sleeves. and i don't have big arms at all. for reference, i'm pushing 5'7", around 125 lbs. i'm glad it's so structured because i was worried that it would lose it's shape with this material make-up. but, no. it's really fitted. alas, i need to try again with the next size up. ma
Love these! i'm a big fan of ag stevie jeans and these are no exception. the mid rise is terrific and the distressing is cute without being crazy. i like how the holes are not at the knees, which can be annoying when bending your legs. i would love to see these offered in a darker rinse and also in a cropped length. fit is perfect on these - fun and flattering! keep the stevies coming retailer!
Got the mustard and grey. very cute. looking forward to wearing it
I love this top! i love the detail in the front and the v back. it's simple and sexy, easy to dress up or wear casually. i ordered an xs and found it to fit perfect, i'm 5'5" and 112lbs. i ordered the olive green color which i love. i don't typically wear red so that wasn't an option for me, i do wish it came in more colors!
I loved this coat in the picture, and couldn't wait to get it. sadly, it did not deliver in real life. i got my usual size small, and it fit well in the shoulders and sleeves, and okay in front. the big problem was the back. it just hung from my shoulders with zero shape, and a lot of extra fabric. i considered trying the xs, but was concerned that the shoulders might not be comfortable, and honestly i can't believe the xs could possibly have been different enough to work. maybe i got a defectiv
This blouse is very flattering. it drapes well and i love the textures. only problem is the head hole is a little small so if you buy the white one, put your makeup on after you have it on and remove your makeup before sliding it off. i bought an extra small even though i'm usually a small. lovely top. a lot of people have commented on it.
This top is my favorite spring item. the color is a soft petal, but it doesn't wash me out (i'm a sandy paleface), and the details make it special. the cut is a little wide (i sized down), but it's also forgiving and perfect with slim pants or a pencil skirt. it's really a find.