Flattering fit and design, but the material is thin and they are semi-sheer. great for lounging and the beach! very comfy!
Top is very wide and flowy. i am petite with large chest so it hung from widest point and was not flattering. would be very cute with the right body shape.
Great cut and high quality fabric. the top gives you a nice hourglass shape and i love the way it hangs half-way down your butt.
This fits like a regular top for me. i can take petite on top most of the time. i bought this in a medium regular and it fits like my regular high low tees or tops. i think it's so cute on. it's light weight enough for warmer weather. i'm going to love it this spring/summer and into fall with a jacket or cardigan. another plus is it doesn't gape at the armpit which i get sometimes with regular cuts. it's not so low cut on me either, but i have a 32f (37-38ish inches) bust so that may be why? it
I bought a few of these tops in the long sleeved version during the fall/winter, so i was super excited to see the short sleeved version come out! in this brand, i can wear an xs or s - i typically wear a s in retailer tops. if you need a tee that covers your lady parts when wearing leggings, this is it! it perfectly covers my rump and looks great. it's a nice weight, too. the detailing down the back is a nice touch.
The tops looks fitted on the model because she pressed her arms against the clothes. to my surprise,
the tops actually is very very very r o o m y below the chest area.
the appliques/laces on the front are made of low quality materials.
Love! i always used to wear skinny jeans until i discovered these!!! highly recommend. they elongate your legs and curve in just the right places. super flattering! plus, they are extremely comfortable. however, i'm 5 ft 2 inches and i have to wear a good 2 inch heel with them!
These trousers arrived today. yippee. i really wanted to love them. i do like the color and the cut. not crazy about the fold-over waist. the fit through the waist, hips, and thighs is true to size. the biggest issue is that the description states that the inseam is 31.5" which is perfect for me. however, these pants are actually 33.5" in the inseam which makes heels a necessity if i want to wear them without altering them. i rarely wear heels these days, so that does not make me happy. one leg
Overall i like this sweater, but it does have a couple flaws. the sweater looks better snapped. unfortunately it only has one snap on the front--there should be another one inside. after a couple wears, my snap started to come loose, probably because it pulls so much. the sweater is a bit oversized and i probably ordered the wrong size. i'm 5'7" and 140 lbs. i ordered a medium, should have ordered a small. all that being said, i still love the look and color (moss green) of the sweater and would
I love this dress, the print is beautiful, the fabric has a nice heavy drape and the cut is simple but unique. i'm short and curvy so generally shapeless dresses don't work on me, this is an exception.

i ordered the regular instead of the petite and it is full length on me, which i think i like more than if it were a midi.

the armholes do cut in, i wasn't sure if i liked that until i sized down and it fit closer.

my husband chuckled that it's a little mrs. roper... i don't care, i'm wea