I bought this in the neutral motif and my expectations before trying it on weren't high but i was sold once i was in the dress. sometimes dresses that have the elastic band in the waist can be tricky if you don't have a perfectly flat tummy and can accentuate the tiniest bump. however, this dress sits perfectly on the waist and is actually super slimming. i wasn't 100% sold on the pattern or color (i wish it was more off white than brown) but the fit was so great that i had to buy it! the dress
I ordered this in a small and it fit perfectly. i love the longer length so that it can be worn with leggings. the detail is so pretty especially the colorful side panels.

I've had this jacket for a few weeks and it has been a terrific transition piece for the spring. this is a lightweight layering piece without any lining. it works well as a topper for cooler morning temps and you can still wear it later in the day without perspiring through it. i bought it in the olive color, which works with just about everything and the xs was tts (for reference-5'4,116 lbs.). the fit is slightly boxy with a nice swing and drape in the back. for those concerned about the back
I liked everything about this tunic except the way that it looked on me. the fabric was great - not too heavy, not too light. the design was cute and i loved the colors (i got the yellow). it was cut well, and a good length for me (i am 5'2"). that being said, i am curvy and i felt like i looked even rounder in this top. if i was 6-8" taller it probably would have been perfect.
This dress is really beautiful. i have already worn it to both an engagement party (fancy) and just out to dinner (casual); it fits most occasions, depending on what you pair it with, which always makes me feel like i have gotten my full money's worth. i've gotten several compliments on it; the best one being that it looks as though i was wearing a piece of art! the outside material of the dress is silky in texture and has a nice sheen to it. it looks true to the picture on the website. the dres
The fabric of this skirt is absolutely beautiful. however the fit, albeit unique, is not extremely flattering in my opinion. it may be because i am somewhat of a pear/hourglass shape rather than a more straight shape, but the fit is a little off imo. i am 5'8" and 135# and ordered both the 6 & 8 and felt the 8 fit a little better.
When i ordered this dress, i thought to myself "hmm, it seems a little close to showing some side boob, but maybe that's just the angle of the photo." flash forward to me trying it on in my home - "yep, that's some side boob." it is very low cut under the arms. if you're super slim, this might be a good look, but on a curvy gal with some boobs, it was obscene. also, i'm a solid 12 in most retailer brands, so i ordered a l and an xl just in case. the xl wouldn't even zip up. returning.
This is such a unique piece and could be dressed up or down. i can see myself wearing this with skinny jeans and a tee and adding a statement necklace or wearing over a dress. i tend to get hot so i like how light weight this is even though it is lined. it is of excellent quality but may run slightly small (or at least smaller than other items i have purchased through retailer). the drape is extremely flattering and i think that would be true for every figure. my favorite feature is the oversized
This top is really pretty. the fabric is soft and flowy (not too boxy) and the elastic at the top is comfortable. it does not ride up or fall off the shoulders, which i've found with tops of similar design. in my regular size s (5'6 - 125lb), i didn't find the sleeves tight like others have mentioned. one thing i did notice was that the hidden straps that many other tops and dresses have (the ones for hanging on a hanger) are sewn right on the edge of the upper elastic making them pop up a bit.