I loved the idea of this dress, but i find that it isn't very flattering. i think the arm holes are actually very interesting, but i'm 5'5 and 135lbs, and the dress made me look fat and gave me no shape at all. maybe it would look better on a different body type.

the material is soft, but a bit stuffy and i could tell it would give me crazy static in my hair.
I am petite and curvy and was apprehensive about the cropped length of this jumpsuit. however, the petite looks great and the length is perfect. it is light enough weight to keep you cool during the day but provides some coverage for cool evenings. i ordered the xs petite and it was still a little loose. i am 5'3" and 125lbs. this will be my go to for fall! looks great styled with ankle boots or clogs and will carry me into fall with a chunky sweater!
Fits beautifully. perfect for spring and summer. the cut of this skirt gives your figure a wonderful shape. the quality of the material is excellent.  this item is perfect for to dress up for a date night or wear slightly more casually for a brunch.
I ordered an xxs online and it's still massive. the only thing i can use it for is a beach coverup. the embroidery is pretty but i will be returning.
I love this dress, it is very photo friendly which is a big plus for me. i am not the tallest person, 5'4" but i had to be careful not to get my sleeves in the food i was preparing. perhaps the sleeve length is a bit longer on me, but i had to be very cautious while trying to put the finishing touches on our holiday feast. it's just something to be aware of. i suggest sushi or a nice cheese plate if you want to wear it as the hostess.
This skirt is so cozy and comfortable. it is form fitting but has a lot of give/stretch. the material feels high quality and heavy without being overly hot. i am sure this will be a go to skirt.
I've been on the hunt for the perfect dress to wear for my daughter's first birthday party. since we are throwing a traditional korean first birthday, i was looking for a dress you might wear to a daytime wedding or a fancy brunch. i just purchased this dress today in the store and it fits my needs perfectly. 

i disagree with the first reviewer who mentioned that this dress was too sheer. this dress is a thicker fabric so i do not think i will need a slip when wearing it. it does drape nicely
This jumpsuit is the epitome of what i love about retailer! unique and absolutely beautiful. i love how it flows and on my petite frame when paired with heels makes me look taller. hopefully the designs for spring/summer are just as beautiful and comfortable as this piece. i plan to rock this with a cute belt and a bolo jacket.
Totally love this sweater - everything about it i find to match the model pics (fit, color, length). no dry cleaning required on this one, so i plan to get other colors to wear with leggings and skinnies fall through winter. i love that this is oversized without looking frumpy - it does have some shape to it and the knit falls perfects (not a heavy/chunky sweater...think soft mid-weight that you can layer with). worth full price!
So i got this on sale and the only size they had was a xs petite. i didn't have my hopes very high but i thought i would give it a shot. the dress came today and it fit great. i am 5"6" so the petite came just above my knees but the dress is still adorable. the material and cut is great. this is not what i was looking for but it is a welcome addition.