This is a great top. i love how it's loose and hangs away from my body but is banded at the bottom so it isn't shapeless. the tie at the neck is cute and gives it some personality.

i usually bounce between a s or xs. i tried the xs in the store but ordered the s.
This is baggy on me in my regular size. this happens to be a good thing because it's also very thin...tissue thin... material. the reason that's a good thing is i can wear another t- shirt under it with all that extra room and it hangs nicely. i'm hoping it shrinks a bit when i wash it in hot water.the design on the front is the only real reason i'm keeping it.
1. i'm 5'5" tall, 143 lbs and 38 (36d) - 32 -40 and the medium fit me well.

2. my only problem is that the collar keeps falling to the back. i feel like the shoulder isn't cut right to sit on the shoulder. i seem to have this problem a lot with this brand, where the shirt just wants to fall to the back.
This shirt is so comfortable! the fabric is amazingly soft and it is very well made. i liked the top so well that i bought one in grey and one in blue, and both in different sizes so that the smaller (xs) is a little closer fitting and the larger (s) is more blouse and casual. i had originally purchased both in m (which also looked fine, just larger and even more roomy), but exchanged for the smaller sizes. this is a wonderful casual weekend top to pair with skinny jeans, flats, leather boots, o
I just bought this dress in the store and i absolutely love it except for one thing. why are the sleeves on the actual dress so much shorter than the picture with the model? i suspect the model has long arms, not little t-rex arms, so why does the sleeve hit at the top of her wrist, while my lovely dress hits just past my elbow. it's a mystery. was the pictured item not what the store took delivery of? anyway, still a great dress, just trying to figure out if i should add lace or something to ma
I reallllly love this sweater! i could wear it every day if i could. the sweater is comfortable, lightweight (but not see through) and versatile.
I absolutely love this gorgeous cardigan. i will wear it for years to come!!
The pattern is actually knitted into the fabric instead of just printed on like i've sometimes found; the embroidery mostly serves as a highlighting feature instead of a focus. the inside of the cardigan is another layer of fabric, sort of like a double knit? but with its own, simple striped pattern. the collar looks like it might be itchy, but it only is until it gets stretched out a bit and arranged properly.
The color and fabric of this item are so appealing and i think this is a great piece for the right person. the fabric is beautiful but also much thicker than i'd imagined from the photos. it has a quilted quality so doesn't drape very well and is just too much fabric for me around the arms. i typically wear a size 12 and ordered the large. i think a medium might have been better. haven't decided yet whether to exchange for m or just plain return. has an artsy, cool professor vibe that i like.
I am 5'4" so at the "tall" end of petit - and this is the perfect length. i haven't really done midi dresses before because i feel make me look stout. this is not the case. it hits mid-calf. the fabric is very thick, although for polyester i think it's kind of pricey. i'm going to keep it anyways, it doesn't look or feel cheap, and i think it will be good for travel because i don't think it wrinkles easily. the ribbon hits in a very flattering place right above the waist. i have a very athletic