Love this shirt it has a femine look with a casual style.
So wanted great pair of sweater leggings...great for running errands and keeping the outfit simple. these are not that. these fit very poorly...i ordered the small, which is more like a large one in the waistline...there is nothing to hold these up and i could fit two of me in them. unfortunately, i thought all would be fine and i discarded the receipt and have worn them a few times~
This sweater is beautiful! it fits/drapes nicely, is a gorgeous color, feels soft, and is comfortable to wear. i'm generally a s or m in this brand and opted for the medium. the sleeves are pretty long--i have to role them up a bit or they cover half my hand, but that's all right--they look fine rolled. i highly recommend!
This skirt is absolutely beautiful in person! the metallic thread is a subtle, stunning addition to this elegant piece. like the last person mentioned, it is thick, but i think it makes it look full rather than like a bag. i think the extra fabric/weight adds a more classic/traditional look to it, making it look more like a wool skirt from the 50s, 60s, or 70s. if you're not a fan of that look, you probably won't like the way this falls. like the description says, this is a piece that would neve
This dress is beautiful and unusual. i think the colors shown in the picture are a little brighter than the dress i bought...the turquoise and gold seem slightly more muted in person, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. there are sequins along the shoulders of the dress that you also can't see in the picture, but they aren't gaudy or too stevie nicks-bohemian. i didn't find the bodice of the size m too tight as another reviewer noted...it's' my normal size, and though i'm a little chesty (32-34
I was on the fence about this dress but so glad i did, thanks to the reviews i sized down from my normal medium to a small and this dress is definitely one of my favs!!!! it is a quality comfortable material that does stretch and allows you movement with ease. the illusion slims me in the middle where i need it most. i adore this dress.
I love these tees, i ordered 2 of the map shirt. they are comfortable and stylish. i knew that i would wear it so much, so i bought a spare.
I was worried at first that the metal leaves would come off easily. i was pleasantly surprised after a day at disneyland, i don't think i lost even one of them. this dress is super fancy but very comfy.
I bought these pants for a planned trip to southeast asia, where i want to look put together but also be very comfortable. the lightweight fabric is perfect for traveling in warm climates where one shouldn't necessarily be wearing shorts in certain public places or when visiting religious sites. these pants can also go to the pool, out on errands and to brunch. i bought the navy and would considering also buying the beige. great find and very reasonable sale price!
I saw this online but it never struck me as something i would wear. however, after seeing it in the store it really caught my eye with its detailing, so i tried it on. what a great decision because it is so much more beautiful in person, and very soft and warm. it's a perfect winter sweater to start the new year. i am 5'-7", 138 lbs. and the medium fit perfectly, though it's a little shorter on me than shown in the photos.