So comfortable and soft but starting pilling after one wear! sending back.
I wanted to love this top. i really did. the color is beautiful, the embroidery is well done, the fabric is soft, and it feels like it would be very comfortable in the summer heat. but the armholes are big and so the holes show my bra which is not good. i guess i could wear a bandeau or tank underneath, but the armholes just kind of ruined my love for this top. i think i will try again and order next size down.
These are great overalls - cute design but wish they came in petite! the big/straps were a little too big for me, so i had to return, but i probably could have had them tailored.
This shirt is just so easy breezy! i got the blue motif and love the pattern. the top is loose but it's supposed to fit that way. i have a feeling this will be my go to for the spring summer! i'm about 136lbs and ordered a small.
Saw this at the store and it is breathtaking in person. as the previous reviewer stated, i too consider this a dress and not a tunic, and it's not really crinkled either. the dress is structured, very soft, and so gorgeous on. i tried on a regular x-small and it fit but a bit uncomfortable at the mid section. the small fit better (it's meant to be a bit loose, bohemian looking) and the hem falls right at my knees which is perfect for the office (i'm 5'2", 34b, 26 waist, 36 hips). i have medium o
This is an adorable top, but it just wasn't my style. i'm 40 and felt silly wearing a big bow, but if you can rock this look i'd recommend it. the top is a thin sweatshirt material, not a knit sweater or a thick sweatshirt fabric. it is a cotton rayon blend. the sweatshirt part is cropped, but the striped shirt details come to a good length. the shirt trim is 100% cotton. the fit was true to size. it is a bit loose, not overly fitted, but true to size. it nips in a bit at the waist and then flar
I love this jacket! it is stylish and is ideal for a casual night out
I bought this dress tonight and i love it! the fit is perfect and the color is perfect! the dress runs true to size, as all dolan products do. i ill wear this dress to an interview with tall heel boots. love this dress and think everyone should give it a try!
Finally received this in the mail today and was very disappointed. i am swimming in the xs (5'4", 110lbs). the colors are much more vibrant that shown in the pics - the green is a bright kelly green, the red is much more red than rust colored, etc. and it's a sweater coat! for the price i was expecting it to be lined and higher quality. i don't doubt that it will be warm, but can't justify the price. it's going back to the store.
I debated getting this dress for over a month and finally purchased it on retailer member day for 20%off. i wore it on a chiller night with a denim jacket and booties for a more casual feel. constant compliments from friends and strangers. 

only complaint about the dress is the slit. it does not go as high like on the model, stops right at the knee.the cross over is not too revealing (which is nice). overall the fit is great! im 5&#39;6 and usually size 12 and 36dd, the large was perfect!